README.md, before:

# Wujed – AI-Powered Lost & Found System

Wujed is an intelligent digital platform designed to help the residents of Riyadh recover lost items more efficiently. The system allows users to report lost or found items by uploading a photo, entering a short description, and providing the location. Using artificial intelligence, Wujed compares text and image data to find potential matches between reports. When a match is detected, both users are notified and can communicate through a secure in-app chat to confirm the item and arrange its return.

## Technology

- **Programming Languages**: Dart, Python, HTML, CSS, JSON, and JavaScript.
  
- **Frameworks/Libraries**: Flutter framework.

 - **Database & Cloud Services**: 
      - *Firebase Authentication*
      - *Firestore & Storage*
      - *Firebase Realtime Database (Chat)*
      - *Firebase Cloud Messaging (Notifications)*
      - *Firebase App Check (Security)*

  
- **AI & Machine Learning**: Google Vision API, OpenAI's (NLP) API, and	Google Maps API.


## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before running the project, make sure you have:

- **Flutter**: If you haven't already, install Flutter by following the [official Flutter installation guide](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install).

- **Integrated Development Environment (IDE)**: We recommend using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) for developing Flutter apps. If you don't have it installed, you can download it from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).

- **Emulator**:
  - You can use Xcode. you can download it from [here](https://apps.apple.com/sa/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12).
  - Or you can use Android Studio, which you can download from [here](https://developer.android.com/studio).


### Installation


1. Clone the Repository
```
$ git clone https://github.com/illkil/2025_GP_4.git
```
2. Go to the Project Directory
```
$ cd 2025_GP_4
```
3. Run the app
```
$ flutter run
```

Commit message:

Revise README for AI, installation, and launch steps
Updated README.md for clarity and organization.

README.md, after:

# Wujed – AI-Powered Lost & Found System

Wujed is an intelligent digital platform designed to help the residents of Riyadh recover lost items more efficiently. The system allows users to report lost or found items by uploading a photo, entering a short description, and providing the location. Using artificial intelligence, Wujed compares text and image data to find potential matches between reports. When a match is detected, both users are notified and can communicate through a secure in-app chat to confirm the item and arrange its return.

## Technology

- **Programming Languages**: Dart, Python, HTML, CSS, JSON, and JavaScript.
  
- **Frameworks/Libraries**: Flutter framework.

 - **Database & Cloud Services**: 
      - *Firebase Authentication*
      - *Firestore & Storage*
      - *Firebase Realtime Database (Chat)*
      - *Firebase Cloud Messaging (Notifications)*
      - *Firebase App Check (Security)*

  
- **AI & Machine Learning**: Google Vision API, and OpenAI's (NLP) API.
- **Map API**: Google Maps API.

## Getting Started

### Launch Instructions

Before running the project, make sure you have:

- **Flutter SDK**: If you haven't already, Install Flutter from the official link: [official Flutter installation guide](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install).

- **Integrated Development Environment (IDE)**: We recommend using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) for developing Flutter applications. If you don't have it installed, you can download it from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).

- **Emulator**:
  - You can use Xcode. you can download it from [here](https://apps.apple.com/sa/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12).
  - Or you can use Android Studio, which you can download from [here](https://developer.android.com/studio).


### Installation and Launch Steps


1. Cloning the Project
```
$ git clone https://github.com/illkil/2025_GP_4.git
```
2. Accessing the Project Folder
```
$ cd wujed
```
3. Running the Application
```
$ flutter run
```

### Notes

It is recommended to use a physical machine or a powerful emulator for optimal performance.

Be sure to enable the required APIs in Google Cloud Console and Firebase before launching.
